I walk in a room and he won't even talk
to me just mumble something an Italian
and I know he only knows the bad words
hey Gunther have you uh you seen
Chandler I thought you were Chandler um
what-have-yous over there oh hey Joe
- Apple we uh talked about this you know
work it out but uh seeing you two
together I don't hey look what do you
want me to say do you want me to say
that I'll stop seeing her huh it's not
about her okay but seeing you two
together just reminds me what you did
and I don't want to live with someone
who doesn't know what it is to be a
friend so I'll see look I know what it
is to be a friend I just I screwed up
yeah you did and that's why I'm leaving
all right look if you're not gonna stay
for me then at least stay for them wait
wait just one second there has to be
something that I can do something if we
still had that entertainment you and I
would get in there for six hours and
think about how I let you down
what we got a box me going out with
Richard son you-you-you sounds like a
really bad idea to me
see okay he's fine you know mine if
things work out between you and Richards
son you'll be able to tell your kids
that you slept with a grandfather fine
judge all you want to but married a
lesbian left a man at the altar fell in
love with a gay ice dancer threw a
girl's wooden leg in the fire live in a
box
so now what exactly is the point of the
Chandler remaining in the box is
threefold one it gives me the time to
think about what I did to it proves how
much I care about my friendship with
Joey and three it hurts
Edie hey Joey hey Joey my brother Ross
hey Rachel huh that's Chandler how do
you do
what's um well he's um he's doing some
thinking you kissed my girlfriend
I'll get it gotcha
that doesn't sound like thinking to me
sorry you know I don't you should be
talking it all in there I think you got
too much thinking to do to be talking
and making jokes okay okay you got it
there's nothing the matter with me see
I'm not completely devoid of sentiment
see I have feelings okay fine you can't
tell but I'm trying to break the tension
by mooning you guys
alright look if this is just a big joke
to you then forget about it right this
means something to me
if doesn't mean anything you then you
should get out of there otherwise you
just an idiot in the box you're right
I'm sorry
this this means a lot to me I want you
to be my friend again I swear I won't
say another word tonight so you're gonna
start taking this thing seriously
absolutely that sounds like another word
to me are you gonna take this seriously
okay oh hey hey listen I want you to
know how sorry is okay
Chandler's one of Manon's well I'm still
sorry is he here in the box
Chandler oh he can't talk right now
why not what's going on because he's
trying to show Joey how much he means to
him by being in a box Joey had reasons
they were threefold oh oh uh you not
being able to talk might actually make
this easier listen um
listen I don't want to be someone who
comes between two best friends I just I
can't stand seeing what this is doing to
you guys and I don't want to be the
cause of that so I don't think we can
see each other anymore I'm gonna go to
my mom's in Chicago I'm gonna stay there
for a while I think this could have been
something really amazing but you know
this is probably for the best you know
I'm gonna miss you kampachi open the box
they can still catch okay come on get
them out of there so yeah we're gonna be
fine get out
yeah yeah you did some real good
thinking in there I missus
now go cuz you could still catch her and
Merry Christmas from your Secret Santa
all right who got Chandler cuz I I need
to trade